#NP#
CRY BABY

What's the life of your child worth?




David Jackson

#NP#
Tuesday, January 4
10.21 PM

She awakens because the voice in her head commands her to.
  'Wake up, Erin. Come on, now. Time to get up.'
  Her eyes flicker open, blink a few times. It's like trying to see through gauze.
  Light. It's light in here. Daytime? No - it's an insipid, artificial  light.
  She realizes she's staring at the ceiling, even though it appears to be miles away. Her room feels stretched up into space. Is this her room? She turns her head slightly, but it takes an effort. As though her spine has fossilized and rotating her neck could snap it. She sees items of furniture - a dresser, a closet, a nightstand. Their edges are blurred and they seem to quiver, but they look familiar to her.
#NP#
  Why do they move like that? What happened to me?
  'Erin? Are you awake?'
  That voice. Where is it coming from? Am I not really awake? Am I stuck in a dream?
  And then it's as if she gets sucked into a black hole. Something opens up in the pit of her stomach and she feels as though the rest of her body is being pulled into it. The room swirls. A pounding starts in her skull. She wants to vomit and scream at the same time.
  Because she remembers.
  It hits her like a shell blast. Sends a shock wave through her body that seems to lift her into the air and drop her onto the bed again.
  Adrenaline floods her system, wrenching her out of her stupor. She turns her head to explore the other side of the room. She knows what she wants to see, but dreads that it will not be so.
  Georgia. My precious little Georgia.
#NP#
  The crib has wooden slats down the side, but the light in here is too dim, damn it, and she can't see beyond them with this diluted sight of hers. There's no sound either, but Georgia could be asleep, please let her be sleeping. Erin throws her feet over the side
of the bed and places them on the floor. She is surprised at first to see that she's wearing shoes, has all her clothes on in fact, but the terrible memories tell her why, and they tell her to expect the worst, and now she is starting to cry even before she has seen,
because she knows, she knows what she will find. She pushes herself off the bed with arms that feel as though they're made of cotton, and when she gets to her feet the floor seems to lurch, to the left and then to the right, like she's on a ship being tossed in a storm. But she has to make it over to the crib, has to check that her darling is all right,
#NP#
and as she stumbles across the room she blinks furiously, tries to bat away the tears and the mist that keeps obscuring her vision, and she finally makes it to the crib, steadying herself on its rail as she stares down and reaches in and touches...
  ... nothingness.
  The covers are undisturbed. Heart-wrenchingly crisp and crease-free.
  'GEORGIA!'
  She screams the name, as if expecting her baby to come running, or at least call back, even though she is only six months old. But there is no logic in Erin's mind now. The fogginess is dissipating only to be replaced by blind panic.
  'Erin! Listen to me!'
  Still the voice. She cannot work out where it's coming from, but right now she doesn't care. She cares about only one thing, one person. Nothing else matters. Nothing in the universe is more important.
#NP#
  Whimpering, she turns on the spot, scanning the room, struggling to concoct explanations. Trying to make herself believe that her daughter somehow escaped from the crib and is hiding somewhere nearby, even though Erin knows it's impossible, even though she knows what happened to her baby but doesn't want to acknowledge it.
  Because that's the thing, isn't it? I know what happened to her. I know it, I know it, I know it. But please don't let it be true. Please!
  And so she throws open the door and bursts into the living room, her eyes desperately searching, and she sees the stroller over by the apartment door and she weaves her way over to it, her legs turning to jelly and the tears running down her face, because again she knows what she will find. And as she spins the stroller around to face her and peers into its hollowness, a yelp of pain escapes her lips.
  'Erin! Stop this. Listen to me!'
#NP#
  She screams angrily to drown out the voice, then runs into the kitchen. It's a tiny area, and she can see immediately that it's empty. She tries the bathroom next. Yanks aside the shower curtain just to be sure, because you never know. With what has gone on, you just never know.
  Back into the living room. One more room to try. The second bedroom. Where she keeps all the baby stuff because there is no space in her own bedroom. Here is where there are cuddly toys and diapers and a diaper disposer and a changing mat and clothes, lots of clothes, and all kinds of lotions and potions and powders and medicines...
  ... but no Georgia.
  She is not here. She is not in this apartment. Which Erin has suspected all along. This is no dream. This is real. Her world has been taken from her, and she doesn't know what to do about it. How do you find a baby? Where the fuck do you start to look for your baby?
#NP#
  Her legs give way and she falls to the floor. In the second bedroom, surrounded by all the baby things, she drops to the carpet and lets out her grief and anger in long drawn-out wails.
  'Erin! Can you hear me?'
  This damned voice. Why am I still hearing it? What are you doing to me?
  Erin claps her hands to her ears.
  And then she feels it.
  The earpiece. In her right ear. If she had not been panicking, if she had not been recovering from her drug-induced state, she would have realized it was there all along.
  She unplugs it. Stares at it. Tries to understand. Who put it there? And why?
  The man who took my baby?
#NP#
  Images flash in her head. Of coming home from the drugstore at about seven o'clock this evening. She'd bought some diaper rash cream for Georgia, plus a new bib. She'd paused at the apartment door, dug around in her purse for her keys. She eventually found them, unlocked the door, pushed it wide open. Started to wheel the stroller into the apartment.
  She heard nothing. Her attacker came at her from behind. Was on her in an instant. He must have been hiding in the shadows of the hallway, just waiting for her. Yes, she remembers now. The smell. The chemical smell of the cloth that was clamped tightly over her mouth and nose. So tightly she thought she would asphyxiate. She had to breathe, couldn't stop herself. Had to take a deep breath, suck in some oxygen. And with it those chemicals. She felt them burning in her throat, and she remembers her consciousness dissolving, the long fall into blackness.
#NP#
  That was, what, more than two hours ago? Two hours in which the attacker could have taken anything. Money, the television, whatever.
  But he chose my baby. Why did he have to take my baby?


